Stock Entry : Material Consumption for Manufacture (#410)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/stock/stock-entry.md

* **Material Receipt**: If the material is being received. (Incoming Material).
* **Material Transfer**: If the material is being moved from one warehouse to another.
* **Material Transfer for Manufacturing**: If the material being transfered is for Manufacturing Process.

> * **Material Consumption for Manufacture**: [Refer this for more detail](/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/articles/material_consumption)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Material Consumption for Manufacture**: There can be multiple consumption stock entries against a manufacturing Work Order. [Refer this link for more details](/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/articles/material_consumption)
```
